Update readme (#231)
elizabethlofredo/pg-arango-migration-app: README.md

# pg-arango-migration-app

<img src="https://github.com/elizabethlofredo/pg-arango-migration-app/blob/main/public/images/logo.png?raw=true" alt='app logo' width="100" height="100">

## What is PGArango Migration App?

It's an application that provides the user steps to automatically converts relational databases in PostgreSQL to graph databases in ArangoDB by using [pg-arango-transform](https://github.com/augusto1024/pg-arango-transform) library.

> Created by using **React.js** + **Electron** to create the user interface and **Node.js** for the server that connects with the library logic.

Reviewer: What do you think about changing this for the following?
```suggestion
Created using **React.js** + **Electron** for the user interface and **Node.js** for the server that makes use of [pg-arango-transform](https://github.com/augusto1024/pg-arango-transform), the library that performs the database transformation.
```
